the price of Bitcoin has absolutely
skyrocketed in
2017 no other currency has found itself
in comparison the growth has completely
put the so-called traditional currencies
to shame the public is looking for an
alternative to the financial system and
it's clear much investment has found its
way into the crypto currency world you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we are going to talk
about Bitcoin it is closing in on its
record high so let's get into that right
away looking at this chart very briefly
from
coinmarketcap.com you could see
approximately $2500 at this time let's
look at the chart very quickly there was
a big runup recently and then a
significant pullback but we can see slow
and steady it has made its way
to exceed
2500 and it's going on its way to
3,000 one of the points that I wanted to
make here is that it is very evident
there's a lot of
speculation but to say that there's
speculation in Bitcoin and
cryptocurrencies and to ignore the
speculation that takes place every
minute of every day in all of the other
markets whether it's
you know the foreign exchange markets
stock markets anything else I mean
that's a little
silly there's speculation in all markets
we can see that the only issue with
cryptocurrencies is that the market cap
is much smaller so a manipulation can go
a lot long a lot further anyway and
you'll see the price going wild in some
cases so that's some point that that I
wanted to make here let's quickly cover
some of these uh points beginning with
this Abby Johnson the CEO of fidelity
everyone knows Fidelity look at what
they said blockchain technology isn't
just a more efficient way to settle
Securities
transactions it will
fundamentally change Market structures
and maybe even the architecture of the
internet itself I don't know about the
second part of that but definitely it is
going to have a Major
Impact there's much more in this article
here all I wanted to cover from it
because I didn't necessarily like where
it went on all of the points
but what's important to note is that the
banks are getting into the blockchain
and I actually don't like that
personally for
me they suggest in the article that
people want it to become
mainstream
and I'm not part of this whole you know
Bitcoin Community to the degree that
many people are at this
time but I think it needs to remain
underground and sort of not popular we
need the people who are working on the
INF structure to be doing what they do
but at the same time I don't think
having banking establishments getting
involved in any degree is a good
thing we need to get away from the
banking establishments it's not going to
be beneficial if JP Morgan starts being
able to influence it in any way I don't
think that's good but I'm not an expert
so if you can can see what I'm saying
there your input is obviously
appreciated very quickly it's maturing
Bitcoin and and all
cryptocurrencies at this time this is
obviously old by now but just as a
comparison approximately $80 billion
when you look at the market cap of these
cryptocurrencies and compare that to
some of the biggest names in in the
US massive
valuations that are happening 80 billion
80 billion it shows you that it's not so
small time anymore I mean just a few
years ago it was a few billion dollars
and now today it's at the same market
cap of some of these large companies so
it's definitely matured over the past
few years since let's say it's
last major crash back
2013 or so Bitcoin as a percentage of
the total crypto
Market Bitcoin is the most popular
digital currency that's a fact what we
can also point out is that although
there was sort of a slow and steady
decline as new currencies came onto the
market in the recent past we have seen
that share dropping
dramatically and that's a good thing
because new currencies bring new things
to the
table the only issue that has been
brought up by many people is the sort of
diluting effect and you know I'm just
here to point out what I see in the
charts I'm not giving my opinion on
this let me just move
on this
here from a little while
ago I covered this actually when it
happened and now it seems like it was so
long ago even though it was so recent
the fact
that it crossed the barrier to achieve a
higher price than gold and I remember
covering that and it went from a price
of approximately
$1,200 to over
$2500 in the blink of an eye so it can
happen but it it's not
really saying that it can't go down to
this
level at any moment I mean you see the
price throughout 2013 I mean it pretty
much went straight
up and the total value there the let's
say the multiplication of how many times
it went up in that short span is
absolutely insane now this time around
it
had really taken off slow but in the
recent months in fact it has gone just
astronomical I think it's gone too fast
personally I wish that it would take a
little set back find some firm footing
and then continue on nothing is good
when it just simply goes up too fast
that's not a good sign and we have seen
some pullbacks that's for sure but it
needs to really have a significant
pullback this is from an infographic
which I find
interesting for those who don't
know the famous Bitcoin Pizza
transaction takes place back in May of
2010 so this individual here I think
it's written below here but essentially
what happened was a guy bought a pizza
using
Bitcoin and at that time you know
Bitcoins are so cheap but it that same
value today at the time of this chart
actually it's gone up significantly was
literally millions of dollars now that
must have been a tasty Pizza to pay
millions of dollars for it so that's
just a little interesting note there
Bitcoin was the top currency in
escalating just so fast in such a short
period of time gaining 126% in 2016 I
mean obviously 2016
2017 could be a rocket ship in
comparison to what we see here you know
they're showing you in this image the
rocket ship but 2017 could be just make
2016 seem like nothing the way that it's
going I mean it's going really really
fast and then you look at Brazil or or
Russia I mean this is after taking
significant beatings especially Russia
not too long ago the ruble was
pounded so surely it has a long way to
go or an easy way to go to get back up
to it but Bitcoin on the other hand it's
just been rising and Rising so I don't
know what's going to stop it although
they say there's going to be an event in
August and I'm not going to get into the
details here but
essentially there could be some major
turbulence at that
time I'd like to switch gears for a
moment here everybody knows that the the
price of gold is manipulated that's a
fact and I found this very interesting I
wanted to bring it to you I think it's
relevant in this video talking about Jim
Rickards or James
Rickards and he said this I spoke to a
PhD statistician who works for one of
the biggest hedge funds in the world
can't mention the
name he looked at the comx the primary
market for gold opening prices and comx
closing prices for a 10-year period he
was dumbfounded he said it was the most
blatant case of manipulation he's ever
seen and then check this out he said if
you went into the aftermarket bought
after the close and sold before the
opening every day you would make risk
free profits he said it's
statistically it's impossible unless
there's a manipulation occurring we're
talking about a PhD statistician looking
at this we have seen this going on
before I mean we know look at Gat Gata
or Gata they look into the manipulation
all the
time you can't hide this anymore how
obvious it
is the price has been
subdued and there's no telling how long
they can keep this up gold should be a
lot higher relative in one way relative
to the amount of money that's been
printed I mean it's clear there's
inflation there food prices are rising
Energy prices are
rising life's getting more
expensive gold on the other hand is not
Rising it's been trading in a range for
years doesn't even make sense anymore
and now we we
know that the price is
manipulated that worries me for any
particular asset not just gold what
about Bitcoin you know once they get
their hands on
it it's really bad that's why we need to
take every single precaution that we can
if it's Bitcoin you need to store your
own Bitcoins you can't rely on all these
exchanges and everything else to keep
your money it's just not safe not
necessarily that that
exchange will you know go and run away
with your money but there's too many of
these outside influence that could
affect it don't take any
risks last but not least
here I'll get into that after if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up and and if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative I have um the ability at
Amazon there if you'd like you can go
and flip through the pages of the books
to see if you like them take
care and last but not
least something that I wanted to show
you check this out I just designed this
t-shirt
and I hope you guys like it it's the
first one I want this t-shirt for
myself I'm definitely going to buy one
and uh wear it to the gym for
sure this one here is just one example
of how it's going to be It's probably
hard to tell but right there in tiny
font that says the money gps.com I don't
want to have a big symbol the money
gps.com on everything I just wanted to
put it there small you know keep it
little hidden unless you're looking up
close to it that's the only time you'll
be able to read that otherwise it makes
a statement say no to GMO the only thing
I wanted to know from you guys out there
is how does this look in terms of the
distance in between the callar and where
the text begins so I'm not I can't
resize this image anymore but should it
higher or not I can't really tell I
think that's about fair but perhaps a
little higher anyway I just want you
individuals to have a say in this type
of work here I'm I'm doing this well
obviously for myself I want the T-shirt
but I know many of you may want this as
well I'd like your opinion on that
please let me know in the comments and I
just I'll just take those away so you
can see that for
yourself please let me know take
care